
ELTE
58 tárgy
183 kredit

METU
53
247 kredit

KE
74
180



Advertising - Photoshop Course
Basic Coding and Programming
Basic Media Studies
Basic of Sociology
Basics of Law
Bootstrap Course
Business (Multimedia Angle)
Business Economics
Business Presentation and Correspondence
Communication
Communication Theory
Contrastive Cultures
Creative Communication
Danish
Design and Visualisation
Economic Communication
English
French
Grunge - Photoshop Course
History of Diplomacy
Informatics
Information Technology
Interaction (Basic Coding and Programming)
Intercultural Communication
International Law
International Media
International Negotiation Techniques
International Protocol and Etiquette
International Relations and Political Organizations
Introduction to EU Integration
Introduction to Economics
Italian
Library Practice at The Norwegian Nobel Institute
Media Genres
Media Market and Media Law
Media Project
Media-skills Training
Multimedia Applications
Network Communication
Norwegian
Norwegian for Exchange Students
Photoshop
Political Communication
Principles of Marketing
Scandinavia's Geography
Scandinavia's History
Social Studies
Theoretical Economics
Website Production
Writing the Perfect Report

Entrance Assistant
I was working at the "VIP, GUEST, STAFF, PRESS"​ containers. I was working with vouchers, I had to check them and collect them. There were a lot of different kind of vouchers, for instance "any day ticket - free/pay, friday ticket - free/pay, vip 5 days pass ticket free/pay, VIP 7 days pass ticket free/pay, staff/press any day ticket - free/pay, and so on.
Sometimes I had to bring tickets and money to another "VIP, GUEST, ..." container, which was at a different place in the festival. And of course, if any szitizens (the festival goers) had a question, I tried to help them!

"The Entrance Assistant’s task is to make the entrance of the visitors to the event as smooth as possible. This assistant is confident and able to handle both the fast pace and the looser moments well. If you fulfil this position you have to support the entrance leading teams with guidance, translation, and helpfulness."

Interpreter
8th August 2014 - 18th August 2014

I was helping the In-Kal security guards (http://www.in-kalzrt.hu/). Some of the them did not speak English fluently, thus I had to translate what they said to the Sziget Festival visitors (http://sziget.hu/festival_english). For instance: what is allowed and what is forbidden to bring to the festival's area.
I gave directions who needed.
I also tried ticket controlling and managing to solve ticket problems.

4th August 2013 - 12th August 2013

I was helping the In-Kal security guards (http://www.in-kalzrt.hu/). Some of the them did not speak English fluently, thus I had to translate what they said to the Sziget Festival visitors (http://sziget.hu/festival_english). For instance: what is allowed and what is forbidden to bring to the festival's area.
I gave directions who needed.
I also tried ticket controlling and managing to solve ticket problems.

Environmental Guide
30th June 2014 - 7th June 2014

I was collecting garbage at the VOLT festival, in Sopron, Hungary.

"Green events are our favourite events. During these, several hundred volunteers work on projects that reduce the ecological footprint of the festivals. Selective waste collection? Recycling? Environmentally friendly catering? Environmental Guides are everywhere where committed people are needed, who think that protecting our globe is an important issue. You will be the person in the Recycling Center who takes the collected waste and gives rewards to the visitors in exchange. Don’t forget that protecting our environment is our responsibility!"
